One last piece of advice: please go to architect as well. Whatever logic you are developing has to be dynamic because if Anna is on board (like right now), we are building a POC for Anna. If Anna sees that this was a good POC and she comes on board, there would be so many things she would ask us to develop for Anna's business. Not only the events, but also booking those events, the booking page, and would also be happening inside the chatbot. The email communication will be happening from here. Our chatbot will be sending booking confirmations to the user's email. I don't know, the prospects are huge! Then the entire deployment will exponentially increase. So ask the architect. Both architects need to have a future vision or a bird's-eye view and develop the logic in a way that it is scalable going forward. Tomorrow when Anna comes on board, there will be many things she would want her chatbot to do. The immediate logic solution that you proposed seems good enough. Before I say yes, go ahead and make the changes, I need to make sure that this logic will still hold when the project exponentially increases. One thing I can assure you will come into our scope is that not only will our bot display the event information and the URL, it will also ask "Would you like to book this event?" and then take it to the booking page. That is a completely separate URL structure on a separate platform that has been built. If you remember very early in this conversation with you, we decided that we will build a complete site map so that later when Anna is fully on board, we make sure that our bot does not get lost because there were more than 72 pages if I remember. So for that, we decided we have to sit and build a complete website mapping. But that is for later. For now, what I'm trying to say is that you need to make sure and accept the fact that this solution will exponentially increase later. I hope you are able to understand what all I said. So one final time I am asking: Are we on the same page? And then we will go ahead and deploy the logic. 