Okay, I read your issues and your recommendation. The problem in option D hybrid is that we cannot add URLs in the calendar description. Why? Because calendar would be Anna's, and asking Anna to include the description in the calendar might be difficult. Right now, it's connected to my calendar. I can do it, but eventually it would be connected to Anna's calendar. So whosoever is using our chatbot will see all the details from Anna's calendar, and asking Anna to update the calendar description might not be possible. 

Now coming to the problems. This is how I am thinking; you are totally free to analyze and contradict me wherever you feel that my thinking is not the way it should be.
First of all, every new event requires manual code update. So tell me, for every new event, Anna anyhow will be updating the calendar. So if the calendar is updated, we need to create an automated sync between the calendar and our database. What I'm thinking is that why not we use the Google Calendar API to create a separate database just to store all the calendar events including dates, timings, details, and the URL to that event? This is the first approach, so it is highly improbable that the event in Google Calendar will change. Even if it changes, the sync will update the database, and our bot because it's pulling the information from the database would always be updated.
Coming to the third point, if you change URL slug on your website, the mapping breaks. Again, the URL slug on the website, and I'm assuming you're talking about the URL slug of the event. So again, if that URL changes, is there a way that we can automate that syncing as well? There are two aspects:
1. The website URL is being captured into our vector database, so there has to be a sync between the website scraper and vector DB as well.
2. The URL to the event page if that changes. That information needs to be updated in another database that is just storing the Google Calendar and event information including the event URL slug.
So my question to is that if we create an automated sync between these two databases, what's the vector database, and second is a separate database, maybe an SQL database like Post Grey SQL or I don't know if Chrome DB has an SQL. That syncing will keep that database open, so that probably will answer your last question when you say that there is no automated sync between calendar and website. The only link between the website and the calendar is about the event details, not the URL, right? So, if we have a database that captures all the event information from the Google Calendar and we sync it, one problem is solved. Again, you can contradict me at any point.

For the URLs, we develop a sync between website calendar events and the database. That database can and should be the SQL database and the vector database. The vector database is already storing all the information about other programs, but that SQL database will store the URL for the events only.

I'm not saying that this solution is the only solution; there can be others, but I'm thinking in these lines. Let's discuss and refine a solution as to how we can make sure that we build a robust solution for this, okay? Let's have your critical analysis, grounded approach, professional approach, keeping everything dynamic. How can we solve this?

Finally, when once we are on the same page, and it looks like this would be a robust solution, we will change the code, and then we can finally deploy your below proposed solution. Let's see here your complete grounded critical analysis and a robust solution that you propose. Don't change the code right now. Let's discuss it first properly and then we deploy it. Let's hear from you. 

Proposed Solution
Fix recurrence handling - Read series start/end dates, display "January 20 – April 7, 2026 (12 weeks)"
Parse full description - Convert HTML to readable markdown, preserve all details
Always include event page link - Add clickable link at end of event details
Implement booking flow - Map events to checkout URLs via PROGRAM_ENROLLMENT_DATA