Okay, I tested the conversation. Attached is the conversation. There are still many gaps we need to work on:
1. When I asked about giving me the details on SoulAlign® Heal Program, it gave me the details .... Anna Bot then asks me, "Would you like to explore how to enroll in this transformative program or discuss its benefits further?" Now the confusion is... The trailing questions are two separate questions. Quite different. If I were a user, I was expecting when I say yes to take me to that program page. But because the first trailing question was "Would you like to enroll," my yes meant that I wanted to enroll. Okay, no problem. Even then, I think an about gave me the wrong information and took me to the clarity call. And I do not think for SoulAlign® Heal program the clarity call is needed. Please check from your end. If I want to enroll for Sole Align Joveheal program, then logically from the website, it takes me to the checkout page which is this. - > https://www.annakitney.com/soulalign-heal/#pricing

Anyway, let me continue. The second query was, "Give me the details for the event that are happening in January." Okay, .  Anna Bot only gave me one program in January, whereas in January there are three programs when I checked in the calendar. ..... Identity overflow 2nd. Soul-Aligned Manifestation Mastery and the identity switch. There are three programs or events in January calendar. Now, what happened here? 

Okay, let's continue with more problems. The trailing question after this was, "Would you like more details about any of these events? Or would you like me to navigate you to the event page?" Now again, two different questions in one line. If I say yes, which one will our logic follow? I think there should be only one trailing question at a time. For this, the trailing question should have been, "Would you like more details about this event?" Which was Identity Overflow because my earlier question was, "Give me the events that are happening in January." In this case, of course Anna Bot will summarize the events. If there are 3 events, Anna Bot will summarize those even though she did not. She gave me just one event, but summarization was good. Now the training question should have been, "Would you like more details?" If I say yes, then the entire details from the Google calendar should have been pulled. But what happened here? Entirely wrong when I said yes, Ana Bot brought wrong details of the program. It gave Sole Align Joveheal program. Even though the previous answer was identity overflow. 
The trailing question after that was okay, and it did take me automatically to that event page. 

Conclusion: So many errors, so many logical errors. There are many things to work upon now. Please let me know if you were able to get every problem that I mentioned here so that we can work on it one by one. Please make sure that we manage to rectify these issues and they should not get repeated. 